Added a simple documetation (#18)
codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io: docs/services/twitch.md

1. Start nodecg with nodecg-io installed. The bundle is currently part of it so it should also be loaded.

2. Go to the `nodecg-io` tab in the nodecg dashboard.

3. Login using your password. If this is your first run, then enter the password with which you want to encrypt your configurations and credentials.

4. Create a new twitch service instance using the left upper menu.

5. Enter credentials for twitch.

   The created instance should be automatically selected, if not select it in the upper left menu.

   Here is a sample config for you to orient:

   ```json
   {
       "oauthKey": "oauth:abcdef...."
   }
   ```

   After entering it, click save.

   *Note:* If you don't see monaco on the right, try reloading the page.

6. Set the created twitch service instance to the service dependency of the sample bundle.

   Select the sample bundle and the twitch service in the left bottom menu and then select the service instance that should be used by the sample bundle (in this case the name of the previously created twitch instance).

7. Check the nodecg logs

>    You should see an error or a success message and all twitch messages that are written in the twitch channel that is hardcoded in `sample/extension/index.ts`.

Reviewer: This path needs to be updated:
```suggestion
   You should see an error or a success message and all twitch messages that are written in the twitch channel that is hardcoded in `samples/twitch-chat/extension/index.ts`.
```
